=== FIRST 50 LINES ===
0: 'Frequently Asked Ǫuestions (FAǪ)'
1: 'What is the Tuition Grant (TG)?'
2: 'The Tuition Grant is a subsidy provided by the Singapore Government to help reduce the tuition fees '
3: 'Singapore Citizens: Subsidized from ~$24,800 per year, to $3,100 per year'
4: 'Singapore Permanent Residents (PRs): Subsidized from ~$24,800 per year, to'
5: '$6,400 per year'
6: 'International Students: Subsidized from ~ $27,200 per year, to $12,400 per year (for ASEAN students)'
7: 'Who is eligible for the Tuition Grant? You are eligible if:'
8: 'You are enrolled in a full-time diploma course at a polytechnic, and'
9: 'You have not previously received a Tuition Grant or government sponsorship/scholarship for a course '
10: 'Do I need to apply for Tuition Grant?'
11: 'It depends on your citizenship status:'
12: 'Singapore Citizens: No application needed. You will automatically receive the Tuition Grant, if you '
13: 'Singapore PRs: Yes, you need to apply. If approved, you must work in a Singapore- registered company'
14: 'International Students (IS): Yes, you need to apply. If approved, you must work in a Singapore-regis'
15: 'I have applied for Tuition Grant on the enrolment portal, why do I need to apply again?'
16: 'During enrolment, it is an indication of interest to apply for the MOE Tuition Grant, and does not c'
17: 'When is the Tuition Grant application period?'
18: 'An email will be sent to your NP Connect email at least one week before the application period. Plea'
19: 'How much are the tuition fees payable if I do not sign up for Tuition Grant?'
20: 'If you do not apply for the Tuition Grant, or do not complete your application, you will be required'
21: 'I am encountering an error during the application or signing process. What should I do?'
22: 'Take a screenshot of the error and submit an enquiry to MOE using the  '
23: 'How do I sign the Tuition Grant agreement?'
24: 'You must complete the online application. Thereafter the applicant will receive an email to sign the'
25: 'Is it necessary to use Singpass to Tuition Grant?'
26: 'Only applicants are required to use your Singpass to log in to the MOE Tuition Grant portal and sign'
27: 'What will happen if I do not apply online or sign the Tuition Grant agreement by the given deadline?'
28: 'If you do not apply online or sign the agreement by the stipulated deadline, it shall be deemed that'
29: 'I do not want to sign up for Tuition Grant, can I apply for financial assistance to pay my tuition f'
30: 'If you choose to opt out of the Tuition Grant, you will not be eligible for the CPF Education Loan S'
31: 'How do I know if my sureties have signed the Tuition Grant agreement?'
32: 'You can check the status of the application via the MOE Tuition Grant portal. If it shows "Pending,"'
33: 'My surety/I did not receive any email notification to sign the Tuition Grant agreement.'
34: 'Please check your spam or junk folders. If the issue persists, it could be due to a wrong email addr'
35: 'What if I obtain Singapore citizenship after I apply or am awarded Tuition Grant?'
36: 'Please update your citizenship in NP’s records by completing the  . As a Singapore citizen, you are '
37: 'Can I apply for the Tuition Grant in the second or third year of studies instead of the first year d'
38: 'Generally, the Tuition Grant application is only available in your first semester of studies. Reques'
39: 'Can I further my studies after my diploma?'
40: 'Yes, you may apply for deferment to pursue full time further studies.  '
41: 'If I have received Tuition Grant for my diploma studies in polytechnic and intend to apply for Tuiti'
42: 'You may serve both bonds concurrently, (i.e 3 years in total).'
43: 'I am a recipient of the ECDA Training Award. What happens to my bond? You can serve both bonds concu'
44: 'I need to serve National Service in Singapore after my diploma studies in polytechnic. Do I need to '
45: 'No, you do not need to request a deferment. Your bond obligations shall begin after you complete you'
46: 'Can I work overseas after my studies?'
47: 'You must obtain MOE’s approval for deferment before you commence your overseas employment. '
48: 'I will be withdrawing from my diploma studies. What happens now?'
49: 'You are required to pay liquidated damages, calculated based on the total grant amount you have rece'
