Frequently Asked Ǫuestions (FAǪ)
What is the Tuition Grant (TG)?
The Tuition Grant is a subsidy provided by the Singapore Government to help reduce the tuition fees for students enrolled in full-time diploma courses at the polytechnics.
Singapore Citizens: Subsidized from ~$24,800 per year, to $3,100 per year
Singapore Permanent Residents (PRs): Subsidized from ~$24,800 per year, to
$6,400 per year
International Students: Subsidized from ~ $27,200 per year, to $12,400 per year (for ASEAN students) or $13,600 per year (for non-ASEAN students)
Who is eligible for the Tuition Grant? You are eligible if:
You are enrolled in a full-time diploma course at a polytechnic, and
You have not previously received a Tuition Grant or government sponsorship/scholarship for a course at the same or higher level than a diploma.
Do I need to apply for Tuition Grant?
It depends on your citizenship status:
Singapore Citizens: No application needed. You will automatically receive the Tuition Grant, if you are eligible. There is no bond to serve.
Singapore PRs: Yes, you need to apply. If approved, you must work in a Singapore- registered company for 3 years after graduation.
International Students (IS): Yes, you need to apply. If approved, you must work in a Singapore-registered company for 3 years after graduation.
I have applied for Tuition Grant on the enrolment portal, why do I need to apply again?
During enrolment, it is an indication of interest to apply for the MOE Tuition Grant, and does not constitute an official application. NP will notify you of the official application period, during which you must complete the necessary steps to apply.
When is the Tuition Grant application period?
An email will be sent to your NP Connect email at least one week before the application period. Please check your emails regularly to ensure you do not miss any important messages.
How much are the tuition fees payable if I do not sign up for Tuition Grant?
If you do not apply for the Tuition Grant, or do not complete your application, you will be required to pay the non-subsidised tuition fees, which are approximately $24,000 per year.
I am encountering an error during the application or signing process. What should I do?
Take a screenshot of the error and submit an enquiry to MOE using the  
How do I sign the Tuition Grant agreement?
You must complete the online application. Thereafter the applicant will receive an email to sign the agreement digitally. After the applicant signs, the first surety will receive an email to sign the agreement digitally. After the first surety signs, the second surety will receive an email to sign the agreement digitally.
Is it necessary to use Singpass to Tuition Grant?
Only applicants are required to use your Singpass to log in to the MOE Tuition Grant portal and sign the agreement digitally. Sureties do not need a Singpass account to sign the agreement.
What will happen if I do not apply online or sign the Tuition Grant agreement by the given deadline?
If you do not apply online or sign the agreement by the stipulated deadline, it shall be deemed that you have decided not to apply for Tuition Grant and you shall be billed non- subsidised fees.
I do not want to sign up for Tuition Grant, can I apply for financial assistance to pay my tuition fees?
If you choose to opt out of the Tuition Grant, you will not be eligible for the CPF Education Loan Scheme, Tuition Fee Loan Scheme, or bursaries, as these financial assistance schemes are only available to students who are receiving the Tuition Grant.
How do I know if my sureties have signed the Tuition Grant agreement?
You can check the status of the application via the MOE Tuition Grant portal. If it shows "Pending," it means the sureties have not completed their part. Please remind your sureties to sign the documents before the deadline.
My surety/I did not receive any email notification to sign the Tuition Grant agreement.
Please check your spam or junk folders. If the issue persists, it could be due to a wrong email address entered during the application.  
What if I obtain Singapore citizenship after I apply or am awarded Tuition Grant?
Please update your citizenship in NP’s records by completing the  . As a Singapore citizen, you are no longer required to serve a bond.
Can I apply for the Tuition Grant in the second or third year of studies instead of the first year during my enrolment?
Generally, the Tuition Grant application is only available in your first semester of studies. Request to apply midway through your studies are subject to MOE’s discretion and approval. Please note that you will still be required to serve a 3-year bond even if you are approved in your second or third year of studies.
Can I further my studies after my diploma?
Yes, you may apply for deferment to pursue full time further studies.  
If I have received Tuition Grant for my diploma studies in polytechnic and intend to apply for Tuition Grant for my degree studies in university, do 